So here is the overview of the investment project platform. So, anyone aware of StoxZero, Grow, Upstox, Angel One, ICICI Direct, HDFC Securities, like applications. So, why? There is no platform for learning to investment, like learn plus invest in same platform.

Why? What we need to know? Money, investment, trading, saving. Why do we invest? What type of investment exist? What is a company? Why company need money? How company raise money? What is a share? Why do investors buy share? Interactive emphasis, where shares are bought and sold. Can I buy shares directly from NFC or MNC? What is a broker? We are the broker here. What does our app do? What are we building this for product?

So, our company is building the investment app. Our focus is learning to investment. Our target users are tier 2, 3, 4 region people in India, not tier 1 people, and students also. So, in phase 1, on learning, and in phase 2 is adding mutual fund. AI plus learning plus investment plus videos plus quizzes plus assignment. Investment in mutual funds, then stocks, but not in training. Disclaimer is must. For AI, chart recommendations, questions in regional language to English, then again to regional language. So, phase 1 is the learning platform. Example, a degree guy from village doing some business in the village, want to invest. They don't know how to invest, what to invest.

He will give money to other person for 2 rupees or 5 rupees interest, and that money is not guaranteed to return mostly. But if there is one platform, you can invest the amount and earn, like minimum 12 to 36 percent. But how? Our platform available in all 22 regional languages, approved by the government. There are many people who did not know what is stock market, where can we invest. Many people getting loss in investment without knowing what is stock, share, IPO, trading, etc. So, we need to provide first learning to them in all regional languages. Example, I am Telugu. I log in as Telugu and learn in Telugu. We will have AI assistant tool also for learning. There no need to go back to ChatGPT or Copilot or Claude. So, one platform for everything. There is only, they can learn, here only they can learn, and here only they can analyze. So, the flow is as follows. Once learning is completed, they will be assigned to courses. Then that completed, then quizzes. Then after that, certificates, learning completion certificates.

In phase one, initially, we will be given one lakh to everyone. It is not the real money, it is like coins or virtual money. Then they can go and buy stocks, sell stocks, they can go and buy mutual funds and sell mutual funds. Primary target is to trust the user. Secondary target, invest in mutual fund. What is mutual fund? These are very less risky. If you analyze the CRIT mutual fund, it will give you 36% annum, that is 3% per month. That no one will give. 99% no risk in mutual funds until and unless you sell it immediately. So, in small villages, municipalities, small towns or municipal corporations, they don't know all these. They will give it to another person money, expecting some interest, but they will never get the money. So, they get into loss. To overcome all these things, they can happily invest in stock market in mutual funds. We are providing learnings, videos, community to chat, AI solutions and recommendation systems, and disclaimer. Disclaimer is must.

See, how Grow has built, it is even calling APIs from Zerodha. If we provide in regional language, everyone will definitely learn. In our platform, they can invest happily and safely. In phase two, that is adding mutual fund, every day you add one lakh, buy and sell mutual funds and stocks. We will not allow training investment. We will allow learning only for mutual funds and stocks. Because penny, penny stocks go to crores. Investment is for long time. In our learning platform, we will provide why are you planning to invest? For buying a house, to dream car, or education, or child marriage. Based on that, we will provide suggestions or AI recommendations. But we will not force them to buy or take this mutual fund. We will charge a very less platform fee than HDFC, etc., to get our users.

Architecture wise, so we will give complete 30 days learning plan, week-wise learning. Week one, investment basics, like what is the financial term. Week two, demand training, AHC, portfolio, adap flow, etc. Week three, product modules, dashboards, reports, watch lists, funds, admin, etc. Then week four and so on. Like Zerodha grow, ML-based fraud detections, but our idea is different.

What are we going to build? A full-stack trading platform will cover equity, mutual funds, F&O, analytics with our own different strategy. Mobile app for iOS and Android containing real-time charts, watchlist, order placement, portfolio, alerts, and website platform, advanced charting, screeners, order book, analytics, dashboards for user. Our edge is AI signals, social breeding. We will follow our edge and market focus. The flowchart is as follows. User opens the chart, platform wise completes the KYC and registration like Aadhaar, PAN, bank link, depositor, etc. Then login or biometric, generally DigiLocker or Aadhaar directly, face ID or OTP or multi-factor authentication. User will do research about mutual funds, place order, market limit or option or order exchange gateway, trade confirm, etc. For these, skills required is React Native for iOS or Android and React.js or Next.js for web.

They has trading chart library added advantage. We need to integrate WebSockets for real-time things. We need to have Redux for management. Backend services, Spring Boot, Java. And microservices like JWT, KYC, etc. DigiLocker, CMPC, APIs, market data, MSC, DLC feeding, OMS, order management, portfolio, notification service, broken exchange integration. Zerodha is providing APIs to Grow, HDFC, etc. There is a compliance size, SEBI registered investment advisor. Risk engine like position limits, margin checks, mainly for stocks and trading. No mutual funds.

tech stack is as follows: React Native, Next.js, TypeScript, Training U, Recharts, Backend Go, REST API, FastAPI, Python, Node.js, Database, Redis Cache, Kafka for real-time data streaming, MongoDB, PostgresSQL, Spring Boot, AWS, Docker, Kubernetes, Prometheus, Grafana. Phase 1, Learning. Phase 2, User Registration plus KYC, Watchlist plus Market Data, Basic Order Placement, Portfolio Holdings View, Fund and Withdraw Push Notifications, Basic Support, Profit and Loss Support and Report, Mutual Funds Investment, SIP Management, Adwort Charts, Stock Screeners, Smart Trollers for Training, and IPO. Role for testing is to validate Sign-In, Sign-Up for everything, Token Generation, AWS. For AI/ML, to provide AI solutions. For Data Analysis, Data Cleaning and Analysis, User Activity Tracking, Community Engagement, and Data Claining.